Thank you for taking the time to review my submission the Sr. Engineer position.  I made sure to fulfill all of the base requirements, while adding a few extra niceties.

My commit messages should be self explanatory and give you an idea of where my thought process went with this project.  I also made sure I tested everything thoroughly, using RSpec and simplecov to ensure my paranoia.

One major deviation from the base requirements is that I decided to use redis and resque to queue the processing of the uploaded subsidiary files.  I felt this would be closer to a "real world solution", plus it was just a fun exercise.  I have listed detailed instructions below to help you get everything setup and installed to run my application.  I hope you enjoy reviewing it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

# Prerequisites
1. redis 2.6.13
2. Ruby 1.9.3-p429
3. Rails 4.0.0.rc2
4. sqlite3 3.7.12

# Installation
In order to install Ruby and Rails, I used [RVM](https://rvm.io/), but feel free to go with your preferences.  I installed redis and sqlite3 using [Homebrew](http://mxcl.github.io/homebrew/).  I'll also give instructions below on installing these using RVM and Homebrew.

### Install redis
	brew install -v 2.6.13 redis

### Install sqlite3
	brew install -v 3.7.12 sqlite3

### Install Ruby
	rvm install ruby-1.9.3-p429

### Install RubyGems (if necessary) - [RubyGems installation instructions](https://rubygems.org/pages/download)

### Install all necessary gems
	gem install bundler (if necessary)
	cd ~/path/to/my/app
	bundle install

### Setup database
	rake db:create db:migrate db:test:prepare

### Run the tests
	bundle exec rspec

### Generate spec coverage reports
Thanks to [simplecov](https://github.com/colszowka/simplecov), you can view the coverage of my RSpec tests.  Every time you run my test suite, new reports are generated by simplecov and can be found in the /coverage directory within my application.  Just open up the index.html in your favorite browser to check them out.

### Start the servers
This will start thin and resque simultaneously and allow you to test away:

	foreman start